All right, now when we actually
click on one of the items,
you'll see that it goes to /item
and passes the ID of that item along for the ride,
but we get a 404 because we don't have an item page.
So let's go ahead and create that.
First thing we'll need to do is just double check
that we have the right back-end stuff for us.
So let's head over to our schema.graphql.
You'll see that we already have a query
for a specific item,
where the input is an ItemWhereUniqueInput.
Again, if you're not sure what that input looks like,
we can take a look at our generated prisma.graphql,
and we just take a quick look for, here we go,
the input ItemWhereIDInput
and it expects just an ID to be passed to it
which is exactly what we have.
Second, what we want to do is to double check
that we have our resolver.
So if we go to our query.js
which is in our resolver's folder,
you'll see that our Single Item
is just being forwarded to the database good.
So there's no extra back-end stuff
that we need to make here.
Let's jump over to the front end here, and create,
first, we'll create the item page.
Let's just open the index.js, and you see that
this is the item's page.
We'll just duplicate that into item.js.
Again, this is in the page's folder, we'll make an item.js,
and we'll rename this from home to item.
Remove that.
And let's just do a paragraph tag,
says Single Item.
Give it a save.
Now, if I refresh this page, we get Single Item showing up.
Good, we're going to need another component,
so go into your components folder and make a new one.
We're gonna call it singleitem.js,
and we'll create the component that we have here.
So, export default.
Again, I'm gonna move this down here.
Export default SingleItem.
And, let's just do a paragraph inside of here
that says: Single Item Component.
And we'll import that into our item,
and we'll try to go ahead and use it.
There we go, Single Item Component is now showing up.
All right, so, let's start off with the query,
and then, we'll get into actually templating it out.
So, we'll go up here and make a query.
const SINGLE_ITEM_QUERY is equal to gql,
and we need to import that.
Inside of here, we'll make the query,
SINGLE_ITEM_QUERY, takes in an ID, which has a type of ID
and that is a required.
And then, we will give ourselves the query of item,
where the ID is equal to the ID that we passed in.
And from that, we want to return the ID,
the title, the description,
and the large image.
Now, how do we get this query into our item?
Oh, this is actually wrong.
I don't wanna put the query on the page.
So, let's actually move that over real quick.
So, I'm gonna take that out and go into SingleItem,
paste it in here, and then, this looks fine.
Good.
Then we need to wrap this entire thing in a query component,
so, we'll import that from react-apollo.
Then, I'll go down here, and before I wrap it
in a query, I just want to make sure that we actually
can get access to this item ID here.
So, let's open up our dev tools and take a look
at the props that this Single Item has.
Search for Single Item, and you'll see
that the props are empty.
Now, if we search for the item component,
you'll see that the props does have access to the query.
So, that means we have it right here,
but we don't have it right here,
and the way we can pass it down, is just by props.
ID is equal to this, it's just props.query.id.
And then, if we go to our Single Item,
you'll now see that it's being available
and can we displayed that inside of here?
I bet we can!
Props.id.
And, oh they have an error, props is not defined,
oh it's 'cause it's a proper component
so we'll say this.props.id
and there we go, the ID is showing up.
Good, now we'll go over to our item.
Now let's take this div and replace it with a query.
Then the query itself is going to be the SINGLE_ITEM_QUERY,
and then the way we can pass the variables
is just by the variables prop on the query component.
So variables is equal to an object literal
and the ID is going to be this.props.id.
Then inside of here we can have the child
which is going to be our payload
that has error, loading and data.
That can be an arrow function.
We'll say, if error, return Error,
and we can do that for loading.
Otherwise, we are going to return
the Single Item component.
Let's just double-check this works
before we keep going.
Bit of an error here.
Oh this paragraph, properly spell return,
and looks like it's working.
We should be able to console.log the data.
And you see the actual item showing up here.
I don't wanna actually just display error here.
Let's just import that error component that we have.
So we'll say import Error from ./Error message.
And then we'll go down here and render out
an actual error component.
Error, Error equals error.
Now one things this will not do is actually
if I put like an X on the end of this URL here
and we don't get any sort of item
you'll see that it actually still renders out
the Single Item component, so we can handle that
in one of two ways.
We could on the server side,
we could do a custom resolver here
and if there is no item found
we can simply just throw an error on the server
and what that would do is it would resolve
to an error over here.
And then this error component would
display whatever message that we throw.
Or what you could do is if you wanted to handle
that client side, you could check it right here.
So we can say if there is no data.item,
we're going to return and paragraph
no item found for this.props.id.
So, I'll show you how to do it on the server
coming once we get into custom resolvers,
but for now let's just actually handle that
in the client side,
and you can see that it's showing up here.
I take the X off the end.
Item shows up and the Single Item component is now rendered.
Now it's just a templating exercise.
We're gonna get all the data from this item
showing up on this specific page.
So I am first gonna make a styled component up here.
So import styled from styled components,
and we'll make SingleItemsStyles,
that's a styled.div, give it a max width of 1200px,
a little wider than our usual.
Margin 2rem auto.
Box shadow is gonna, we're going to grab that
from our theme props, so we'll call it .bs.
Display grid, grid auto columns 1fr.
Grid-auto-flow column and min-height of 800px.
Let's just start with that and we'll come back to it.
So we'll go back here and replace this paragraph
with our SingleItemStyles.
And inside of there, let's give ourselves an image
where the source is going to be equal
to the data.item.largeImage,
and what we can also do there is instead of saying
data.item every single time,
you could either de-structure it right in here,
or you could just make a little variable,
that's what I'm gonna do right here,
so const item equals data.item.
And then here we can simply just say item.
Same with the alt to make sure to set your alt,
it's going to be item.title.
See if it starts showing up?
Looking good!
All right, all right.
I like that.
Now one kinda cool thing I want to show you is this head.
You see the tab of our Chrome here just says Sick Fits?
What we did in our meta component if you take a look,
you see that we have this title of Sick Fits,
but what if we want to sort of reach outside
and update that?
That's where it gets a little bit complicated.
Does that mean you have to pass
the item directly to the meta?
And sometimes you query something in a component,
but you need to update something else on the page
that's a little bit higher,
or in our case, is not even part of the document,
it's part of the head tag in the HTML document.
So that is what is called a side effect,
and a side effect in JavaScript is where you reach
outside of something to update it.
And generally side effects are a no-no,
but in some cases you absolutely have to use them.
And if you wanna update the title tag,
that's exactly what where we do it.
And we're not going to be doing it via just like
document.query selector,
we're gonna be using something that's built into Next.js
that will allow us to introduce side effects.
So the first thing we wanna do is go up here
and import the head tag from, what is it?
Next head.
And you'll notice that we actually did that up here.
Import the head tag and then we have a head tag
and inside of that we just stick whatever we want.
Well you're allowed to have multiple head tags
throughout your application and it will just collect them
all throughout your application,
and apply it to the actual head
of the rendered-out document.
So this is pretty neat,
because all you can, what you can do is
just simply go down here, give yourself a head tag,
and this might seem a bit weird because you're nowhere near
your actual head of the document,
but you can put it in here and it's going to
take it out and put it into the proper head tag.
So we can give ourselves a title.
We'll say it's Sick Fits, and give ourselves a pipe,
and we will just put the item.title inside of there,
and you'll see that the TNF Fanorak Pullover
is now being pulled into the head tag
just because we've done this.
And if we were to inspect that in our dev tools,
you wouldn't see any actual rendered-out HTML,
that will all be removed before the actual render.
So that's how you introduce side effects with Next.js
when you're trying to update your meta tag,
and same thing would go for any of the tags
that you would want to put on a specific,
like if you wanted to introduce a custom favicon
only in this Single Item, then you totally could
by introducing it with the head tag.
Good, we have our image,
let's go and do a few more of the things up,
so we'll give ourselves details div,
div with a class of details
and then we'll have an h2 Viewing item.title,
paragraph with the item.description,
and we'll have some items that will allow us
to add it to cart as well as update them,
but we'll come back and code those buttons in
in just a little bit.
Right now it's showing up
but it's looking a little bit goofy
so we'll go back to our CSS up here
and write a little more CSS.
So say the image.
A width of 100%, a height of 100%
and an object fit of contain,
and that's kind of a cool one.
I'll come back and show you exactly what that does.
Actually you can see it here.
So if this image is extremely wide and short,
or if it's extremely tall and wide,
it doesn't matter because it will always fit it in.
It's kinda like background size cover
or background size contained, but for actual image tags
and I love that because you can stretch an image
and not actually worry about it being stretched.
If I didn't have that, it would look much worse.
And you see, that doesn't look good,
but you put contain in there, you can also put in cover,
and that will actually cover it regardless
of the width and the height and it'll chop
either the sides or the top and bottom off.
Let's give ourselves a detail selector here,
Which say margin 3rem and a font size 2rem.
And things are looking good.
It's a little bit plain but we'll come back
and add some actual buttons to it.
So that is our Single Item that is now being rendered out.
Let's flip over to working on the pagination.